Alright, so let's see how to go ahead
and install the dis merge tool. So here I
am in a browser and I'm going to go to
the website sourcegear.com slash diffmerge
there's a link to this to the resources
section of this video. We need to then go
to downloads selective merge you'll
notice that there's various versions
here and I'm not going to create a
separate video for each version because
it's a very similar and straightforward
process what I will do is I'm going to
install the Mac version with this in
this video but depending on your
operating systems select the irrelevant
version 64-bit version of Windows you'd
select this first option the 32-bit
version who knows that option that's the
installer what you want instead to where
download the zip file and same for a bun
to Linux or Fedora you can choose the
relevant version there but I'm going to
choose the dmg file OSX I click on
download now, if you do get this option
here to take off the check box there so
you don't have to leave your email
address give it a moment and it should
start I'm gonna save it to my downloads folder
I'm going to open it and obviously you
do the same on your operating system to
open the downloaded file and go ahead
and install it in this case it's a
pretty simple favorite process on a Mac
you just select the diffmerge and you
just drag it into the Applications
folder I can close that down and it's
actually being installed but the process
will be slightly different depending on
your operating system but just go ahead
and install that and then in the next
video we're going to show you how to use
this diffmerge tool specifically how to
compare code from a given lesson that
I've created and uploaded to the course
for you I'm going to show you how to
download and compare that to code that
perhaps you've typed in and how to get
the most out of the diffmerge tool.
So I'll see you in the next video.